in Lauscha a well-known summer and winter well cared for in the Thuringian Forest
is home to the glass craft
Here in 1811 the glassmaker Lutz was not born müller-uri
in 1835, on the advice of a Würzburg physician, the artificial one
People eye made of glass in Germany
a working table with bellows from that time
Numerous medals and diplomas could be of highest recognition
quality
the family tradition is through the staff of the eyes and ethics Lauscha
GmbH
continued in a modern operation
in bright, friendly workspaces, a video analysis is just a matter of making a video
between medical technology cosmetics
Precision and craftsmanship
Lifelike eyes Prostheses made of glass
Many years of training and experience are required for this profession
in patient care on the physical and mental issues
to be able to respond accordingly
made of a special glass
A certain amount of glass for an eye prosthesis is melted off
This glass is cows Olic clouded special glass for
People's eyes
in different coloring
which is pulled out of the glass factory Lauscha
as well as the rest of the material for the production of prostheses
her history of a human eye prosthesis at a glance
this is just a small part of the rich color palette
human eyes
for training in the eyes prosthetics and in ophthalmology
The most diverse eye diseases were reproduced in glass
These interstitial prostheses are named after the Nuclear Zion for the
Healing process used
on the example of the patient and light v you can now see the complete procedure in
no eye prosthesis
the previous prosthesis is removed
who is eyepiece is now looking for the healthy eye the right eye color
with the appropriate structure for the class protests
First, as previously shown from the special glass tube
a red healing melted off
and inflated into a ball in further processing
on this ball is by applying different color of the glasses greed
is imitated true to nature
for the size of the eye intended for the patient
Now only the deficiencies will be reduced accordingly
applying the artificial blood vessels
have this blade
Design of the eye forms in constant comparison to the present
template
Gradually, the abduction of the eyes prosthesis by finely dosed the arises
pull out of the air
For a good fit of the new prosthesis is a constant measure of control
required
separating the eyes prosthesis by hand
the finished on the denture is moistened in a special solution and
the patient
used together
Through such an eye prosthesis, a good cosmetic goal is achieved
and thus for the patient the psychological security in the private and professional
Life restored